com.laurencedawson.home_automation.BuildConfig: BuildConfig()
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.HomeAutomationActivity
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.HomeAutomationActivity: HomeAutomationActivity()
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.HomeAutomationActivity: void remoteClicked(android.view.View)
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R: R()
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$attr: R$attr()
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$color: int dark
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$color: R$color()
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$dimen: int border_width
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$dimen: int button_height
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$dimen: R$dimen()
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$drawable: int ic_menu_remote_input
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$drawable: int ic_menu_remote_mute
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$drawable: int ic_menu_remote_power
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$drawable: int ic_menu_remote_return
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$drawable: int ic_menu_remote_settings
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$drawable: int ic_menu_remote_tv
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$drawable: int ic_menu_remote_voume_down
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$drawable: int ic_menu_remote_voume_up
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$drawable: R$drawable()
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$id: int light_buttons
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$id: int lights_1
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$id: int lights_2
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$id: int lights_3
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$id: int lights_switch
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$id: int menu_settings
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$id: int power_label
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$id: int row_header
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$id: int row_switch
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$id: int row_switch_2
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$id: int row_switch_3
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$id: int stats_buttons
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$id: int stats_switch
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$id: int temperature_label
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$id: int touchpad
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$id: int tv_buttons
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$id: int tv_switch
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$id: R$id()
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$layout: int activity_home_automation
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$layout: R$layout()
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$menu: int main
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$menu: R$menu()
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$string: int app_name
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$string: int menu_settings
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$string: R$string()
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$style: int ActionBar
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$style: int ActionBar_TitleTextStyle
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$style: int AppTheme
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.R$style: R$style()
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.TouchPadView
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.TouchPadView: TouchPadView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.laurencedawson.home_automation.TouchPadView: void setOnActionListener(com.laurencedawson.home_automation.TouchPadView$OnActionListener)
